Inception:

Whatever we write in root tag and having the child in different file that root tag would be replaced by the script file’s content.

Assignment:

Emmet:
1- Emmet is basically an abbreviation engine for html and css a plugin in sublime of emmet is used to enhance the speed of ui development.

2- By using shorthands it transforms it in real development of html and css.

Library and Framework:

Library is used to perform specific tasks it does not have the proper structure or foundation and tools and more libraries in it whereas framework has all of these.

CDN:

We use CDN to incorporate the whole library or framework in our project it’s basically a link where their projects is hosted and provided to us as an api which is providing us methods to use. The drawback is we need internet for this.

Cross Origin:

The CORS is cross origin resource sharing
For eg:
App A is allowed to make a call to diff domain, app A would be allowed because of cross origin in cdn link used. 
 
App A   (preflight)----> App B
             (options)---------->       
            (additional HTTP)----->
              (post)--------->
Cross origin is basically app A is able to share contents to diff origin. crossorigin attribute to load resources from different domains can potentially introduce security risks if not used correctly and carefully. 

Why React?

React is known as react because it reacts to the data changes and state update causing rerendering and its reacting on it.
React and React DOM:

React deals with declarative approach, state management, virtual dom and component based approach whereas React DOM deals with component mounting and rendering means React DOM is a driver.

CDN Prod and Dev:

There is a diff between both links. Dev link provides:

1- Unminified versions of libraries and assets. This helps with debugging and provides access to more detailed error messages and features like hot reloading.

2- In development, assets might not be hashed or versioned, making it easier to access the latest changes without needing to update URLs frequently.

Prod link provides:

1- In production, it's common to use minified and compressed versions of assets to reduce file sizes and improve loading times.

2-To ensure cache busting and optimal caching strategies, assets in production might be versioned or include a hash in their filenames. This way, when assets change, the URL changes as well, prompting browsers to fetch the updated asset.


Async and Defer:

 In  async attribute in script tag, html parsing and script fetching are done in parallel then it gets executed and html parsing stops and continues after execution of script.

In defer fetching of script happens parallel with html parsing and stops when html parsing is done. HTML parsing is basically rendering of the page.


